By Anthony Condezo
# ready-set-hire
A 
## Project Description
TODO: Add project descripton

### Features
TODO: add features 


## Set Up Guide
Please follow the set up guide to enable hosting the web application and relervant services (llm-server and postgREST) on your local machine. 
### PostgreSQL and PostgREST Service
Open database_set_up.sql and update your authenticator login password (line 44)

Enter sub-directory psql-server and run generate.sh to generate your jwt-secret and jwt-token strings. 

Open postgrest.config and (1) update db-uri (line 3) with the same password for the authenticator login; and (2) add your jwt-secret string (line 13) generated from generate.sh

Enter sub-directory /react-ready-set-hire/api-ready-set-hire-requests, open apiRequest.js and add (line 6) your jwt-token generated by generate.sh

### LLM Server
Enter sub-directory llm-server to update the supplied .env file with your own OPENAI_API_KEY (line 3). 

Enter the "npm install" terminal command within the llm-server directory to install all node-module dependencies.

### react-ready-hire
Finally within sub-directory react-ready-hire, enter the "npm install" terminal command to install all node-module dependencies.

## Starting Project
To successfully start the project, open three terminal windows within project directory ready-set-hire and perform the following: 

1) Within the first terminal window, navigate to sub-directory llm-server and enter the terminal command "node ./server.js" to begin the llm service.
2) Within the second terminal, navigate to sub-directory psql-server and enter the terminal command "postgrest ./postgrest.config" to begin the postgrest service.
3) Finally, within the third terminal window, navigate to sub-directory react-ready-set-hire and enter the following terminal command "npm start dev", then click on the hyperlink to access the web application ready set hire.

## Reference
Icon References:
    - stoplights.svg: https://icons.getbootstrap.com/icons/stoplights/